.TH fstrm_capture 1

.SH NAME

fstrm_capture \- Receive and save Frame Streams data from a socket.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B fstrm_capture -t \fIcontent-type\fB -w \fIfilename\fB
.br
.B "	[ -u \fIsocket-path\fB ] [ -a \fIIP\fB -p \fIport\fB ]"
.br
.B "	[ -c \fImax-connections\fB ] [ -b \fIbuffer-size\fB ]"
.br
.B "	[ -s \fIseconds\fB ] [ --gmtime ] [ --localtime ]"
.br
.B "	[ -d [-d ...] ]"

.PP

.B fstrm_capture --type \fIcontent-type\fB --write \fIfilename\fB
.br
.B "	[ --unix \fIsocket-path\fB ] [ --tcp \fIIP\fB --port \fIport\fB ]"
.br
.B "	[ --maxconns \fImax-connections\fB ] [ --buffersize \fIbuffer-size\fB ]"
.br
.B "	[ --split \fIseconds\fB ] [ --gmtime ] [ --localtime ]"
.br
.B "	[ --debug [--debug ...] ]"


.SH DESCRIPTION

.B fstrm_capture
listens on a UNIX domain or TCP socket, receives Frame Streams data,
and writes the data to a file.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B -w \fIfilename\fB | --write \fIfilename \fB
Write data to the file \fIfilename\fR.

If the \fB--gmtime\fR or \fB--localtime\fR option is given, \fIfilename\fR is
preprocessed with \fBstrftime()\fR.
This will allow specifying a format string which includes the date and
time, for example, for the created filename.

If \fIfilename\fR is "-" and standard output is not connected to a
terminal, \fBfstrm_capture\fR will write to standard output. Output
splitting (\fB-s\fR) may not be used with a \fIfilename\fR of "-".

.TP
.B -t \fIcontent-type\fB | --type \fIcontent-type\fB
Specify the \fIcontent-type\fR to receive from the socket and write
to the output \fIfilename\fR.

.TP
.B -u \fIsocket-path\fB | --unix \fIsocket-path\fB
Listen on the Unix domain socket \fIsocket-path\fR to receive Frame
Streams data. Only one of \fB-u\fR or \fB-a\fR may be given.

.TP
.B -a \fIIP\fB | --tcp \fIIP\fB
Listen for TCP connections on address \fIIP\fR to receive Frame Streams
data. Only one of \fB-u\fR or \fB-a\fR may be given. Use of \fB-a\fR
requires a port given with \fB-p\fR.

.TP
.B -p \fIport\fB | --port \fIport\fB
If \fB-a\fR is given, listen on TCP port \fIport\fR to receive Frame
Streams data.

.TP
.B -c \fImax-conns\fB | --maxconns \fImax-conns\fB
Allow at most \fImax-conns\fR concurrent connections. If not
specified, concurrent connections are not limited.

.TP
.B -b \fIbuffersize\fB | --buffersize \fIbuffersize\fB
Set read buffer size to \fIbuffersize\fR bytes. Combined with \fB-c\fR,
this can be used to limit the total memory usage of \fBfstrm_capture\fR.
The \fIbuffersize\fR also affects the maximum frame size which
\fBfstrm_capture\fR will accept. Frames larger than \fIbuffersize\fR,
including the 4-byte framing overhead, will be discarded.

The default \fIbuffersize\fR is 262144 (256KiB).

.TP
.B -s \fIinterval\fB | --split \fIinterval\fB
Reopen output file every \fIinterval\fR seconds. Requires the use of
either the \fB--gmtime\fR or \fB--localtime\fR options.

Note that this file rotation is triggered by incoming data,
so it may be delayed after the interval.

.TP
.B --gmtime
Process the \fB--write\fR filename through \fBstrftime()\fR with the current
time in GMT.
The \fB--gmtime\fR option may be used with \fB--split\fR to provide
file rotation, or by itself to provide a timestamped output file for each
start or restart of \fBfstrm_capture\fR.

.TP
.B --localtime
Process the \fB--write\fR filename through \fBstrftime()\fR with the current
time in the system local time zone.
The \fB--localtime\fR option may be used with \fB--split\fR to provide
file rotation, or by itself to provide a timestamped output file for each
start or restart of \fBfstrm_capture\fR.

.TP
.B -d [ -d ... ] | --debug [ --debug ]
Increase debugging level. Without \fB-d\fR, \fIfstrm_capture\fR prints only
critical error messages. Up to five \fB-d\fR options may be specified, after
which more repetitions will have no effect.

.SH EXAMPLES

Receive dnstap data and save to hourly rotating files
(with a converted filename such as
\fI/var/log/dnstap/dnstap-2018-05-04-12:58:48.fstrm\fR).

.nf
	fstrm_capture -t protobuf:dnstap.Dnstap \\
		-u /var/run/named/dnstap.sock \\
		-w /var/log/dnstap/dnstap-%F-%T.fstrm \\
		-s 3600 --gmtime
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR fstrm_dump (1),
.BR fstrm_replay (1),
.BR strftime (3),
.br
Frame Streams C Library \fBhttps://farsightsec.github.io/fstrm\fR
